welcome to the masonscape monorepo!

masonscape.com was originally just a blog, but im having fun making games and i dont want my core nuxt app to be bloated with game code. so, we're switching to a monorepo! i used https://monorepo.guide/getting-started as a basis for setting it up

still have a lot to learn when it comes to monorepos, but heres my current understanding (as of june 2025, since i probably wont update this README for a while, lol):

"apps" houses frontends/websites. this includes stuff like nuxt projects, which can run their own servers with nitro, but are still primarily frontend websites rather than backend servers

"services" is for backend stuff. servers, apis, etc

"packages" is for for shared code. config files(?), typescript types, shared components and functions, etc

---

another thing im trying to accomplish with this monorepo is being able to set up projects without as much config. i want config to be handled by the monorepo when possible. my needs for eslint and so forth are not that specific i would think, so i would be able to get away with just setting up the basics once in the root and then every project going forward can just use that. and if necessary, i can extend the base config within specific projects

right now its just eslint, but its subject to change. tsconfig seems more complicated to try to move to the root, and it might be smarter to just let each package use its own autogenerated tsconfig that is created when the project is scaffolded

also i gave up on prettier (again). turns out the vue vscode extension can do its own formatting anyway, and hopefully its less opinionated than prettier

vite config also probably needs to be handled per-project. but hey, being able to collapse a bunch of config files using that settings.json trick makes it not too bad